Add reference Apline base image and add screencast for private image (#3906)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-image.md

If this image does not include the tools you need for your project, you can provide a public Docker image or your own [Dockerfile](#configure-a-custom-dockerfile). This provides you with the flexibility to install the tools & libraries required for your project.

> > **Note:** Gitpod supports Debian/Ubuntu based Docker images out-of-the-box. Some base images like Alpine do not include [libgcc and libstdc++](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/linux#_tips-by-linux-distribution) by default which breaks Visual Studio Code. See a [reference Alpine base image](#alpine) and [issue #3356](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/3356).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Gitpod supports Debian/Ubuntu based Docker images out-of-the-box. Some base images like Alpine do not include [libgcc and libstdc++](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/linux#_tips-by-linux-distribution) by default, which breaks Visual Studio Code. See a [reference Alpine base image](#alpine) and [issue #3356](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/3356).
```

Author: Thanks!

While it is recommended to extend one of the <a href="https://hub.docker.com/u/gitpod/" target="_blank">Gitpod-provided base images</a> for custom Dockerfiles to ensure the image has the required dependencies for a workspace, it is possible to configure a Dockerfile with a public (Debian/Ubuntu-based) image as its base.

> There are some requirements for a public base image to work properly as a workspace. See the below Dockerfile(s) as a reference. For instance, you'll need to set up the `gitpod` user with the right UID, and install `git` to ensure your workspace can start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some requirements for a public base image to work properly as a workspace. For example, you'll need to set up the `gitpod` user with the right UID, and install `git` to ensure your workspace can start. See the below Dockerfiles as a reference.
```
